๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ www.OpenSubtitles.org ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ / ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
VaVooM
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
...๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 45 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ; ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ check out ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 2814. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ check out
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 2814.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 15๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 9:30.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 12;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
1963-2018
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
"๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ".
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
15 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
"๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ".
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. "๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ".
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
20 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 20 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ La Perla.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ '90.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
5 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ blogger.
"๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
"๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
"๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
"๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
"๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
"๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ".
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 18 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ '33 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ '68.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
"๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ";
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ; ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ; ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
"๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ"; ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ";
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
"๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ".
"๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ"; ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ; ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ";
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ' ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ";
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ".
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
T๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ eBay.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
16.5 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ; ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 50 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ".
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
"๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ".
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 150 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ viral...
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ emoji ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
- ... ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ Banksy
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ Banksy...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ "๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ";
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ; ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 10 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 12 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 12 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ - ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 10 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ Banksy.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
Vogue.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ! ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ1.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ"
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 1.000 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
3.5 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 20% ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ! ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ Dolce ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ Galliano ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ Dior.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ McQueen.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 50 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ Der Spiegel.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ '๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ; ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ; ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ' ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ.๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 100.
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 150 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ! ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ! ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ vegan
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
"๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ".
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ! ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ; ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ... ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. "๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ";
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ... "
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ; ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ; ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
150 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ; ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ '๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ! ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ".
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
"๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ".
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. "๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ".
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ".
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ "๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ"!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 150 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 150 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
"๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ". ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
"๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ".
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ SPD. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ-๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
...๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 10%.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 33.18.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ D. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 85 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ 16 ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ'๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ Amazon ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
6๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ...
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ $ 38.300.000 ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ;
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. YouTube;
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
- ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ. ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ; ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ!
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ.
๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ / ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ๏ฟฝ
VaVooM
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm